Add Elastic Line Load Benchmark (#7145)
geodynamics/aspect: benchmarks/elastic_line_load/CMakeLists.txt

> # Copyright (C) 2015 - 2024 by the authors of the ASPECT code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Copyright (C) 2026 by the authors of the ASPECT code.
```

> # Copyright (C) 2015 - 2026 by the authors of the ASPECT code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Copyright (C) 2026 by the authors of the ASPECT code.
```
